hey guys how are you hope you're doing
good - wherever you are I want to thank
you for commenting subscribing rating
leaving messages etc it's all good
please continue to do so today I have an
unboxing and review of the iPhone 4
bumper in green as you can see there and
up there you can also follow me on
twitter at twitter.com/randymckown box
including that and can you get
information so please go check it out so
I've been using this bumper for a couple
of weeks or so I get the packaging so as
you can see how it came got the Apple
logo there I feel for bumpers as you can
see green matches the colour each one
matches the colour that they have
obviously on the back just instruction
to put it on and that is basically it
the easiest way to get it open as you
can seal the crease down here is just
pull your finger through and as you can
see the plastic doesn't go all the way
through and it just pops out so very
good pull it out so there you go
enough with the packaging now packaging
out phone in right so I'm going to take
you through the bumper now really
quickly as you can see you've got a two
tone of green you've got this sort of
this is more plastically and then this
is sort of the rubbery section you've
got two tones this is the darker one
this is the lighter one as it always is
with all of the bumper cases of do they
have two terms of color darker one and
the lighter one as you can see on the
inside you've got your protection for
your buttons and then obviously you've
got metal buttons there and the metal
button up there there's the only metal
buttons on the inside you can see you've
got this groove in there just so it
feels put fit since very nice and it
feels really smooth and comfortable on
the phone as you can see these little
bits just there hug into the phone to
make sure that it stays on correctly so
we'll just taking the tour of the case
they've got the speaker and headphone
then you've got the dock port you've got
the metal buttons as I said they're the
ringer on switch the headphone jack and
the nice
translation and you've got the power
button no cut out for the sin tray if
that's what you were wondering for me
personally I think it was necessary for
them to put one in but some people may
be a bit disappointed in that not me
being one of them so I will put it on
but just wanted to say that this case is
actually a little thicker than you might
think
sorry j-just not the camera that you
think is supposed to be a slimline case
and it is it is very slim but it is
actually thicker than you think
so just macros it up for you to see as
you can see you can see the buttons more
clearly there and there they have got a
plus and minus and they really are super
easy to press but we'll get onto that
when I put it on the phone
I found the ringer switch the easiest
place to see the actual thickness of the
bumper you can see you can see there the
thickness but also I found this is the
best place there's actually a lot of
thicker than I expected nothing that's
gonna worry me at all but you do notice
the difference between when you have the
iPhone sorry it's out of focus now
iPhone like that and then when you put
it on it does add you know a little bit
of um sort of sigh thickness to the side
there's a lot more noticeable than some
slimline cases such as the Incipio
feather I know that's sort of a
different style of case but it's you
know sort of a more slim line one but
that's just want to point that out as
you can see it's not that bendy the only
sort of weak point I can find here and
I'll talk about this in a minute is just
about that really
so one macro and put it on to a better
setting alright so we're back on a
better macro setting now so we'll put it
in I like to put in buttons first I know
people say there's no specific way but
just for me I like to put in buttons
first and then I just like to pull it
over and I've got a skin on the back and
this is also true if you have any other
skin on the back how not to get it to
pop up what you do is you put it on like
that then you push up and then you just
pull push down the sides there and then
flip it back down and you do the same
working through all the corners and that
if you have any skin or anything on will
stop it from lifting up this is Auto
skins by the way if you're wondering on
the back here so there we go and that's
what the skin the sorry the bumper
looks like on the iPhone as you can see
you've got the section here it just hugs
over the side of the iPhone another way
you can see the sort of the thickness it
adds is just by looking through the
speaker grills as well so macro that up
for you again as well as you see that's
the thickness just in there you know
it's it's it's a little bit thicker than
I would have thought but it doesn't
bother me at all just in case some of
you you know would be interested to the
tour of the case as you can see you've
got the two turns again it fits really
well you can see it um comes over the
top of the iPhone but I'm not having any
problems as you can see with a lot of
cases like this you have problems with
the size killing up when you're
scrolling when you're flicking nothing
like that at all no so no problem with
that and I love that about the case the
buttons work seamlessly and you can
hidden clicking this is so simple to get
to as you can see then of course this
works absolutely perfectly as well
there's only one little problem
what I would call it problems that's
just something that to note is that this
bit here is the weakest part of the case
I don't know if you can see that but it
sort of just pulls up so what I have to
do every time is just as you can see
that here that click just make sure it's
pushed in and then the case is
completely form just an overview of the
case really it does exactly what's
supposed to it it's a bumper it protects
the size of the bumper what I like about
it is I like really like it is well made
it's a well-made case it runs 24 no 25
pounds in the UK and then you've got out
shipping on top of that you know it's a
really solidly designed case everything
is done really well and you know it's it
really is quality I mean whether it's
worth thirty five pounds or not is a
different story but it is it is a
quality case do I like it yes I love it
I thought I was gonna hate it I thought
you know it's not gonna provide any
protection it's really gonna be minimal
yeah it does provide minimal protection
but actually it is a lot more protective
than I thought it covers there the sides
of the case really well it covers you
know you've got a slight lay on the
table that will help and if you put
skins on as well you will be you know
really well protected what I do is I
would put skins on the back and the
front you know like protecting screen
protectors sorry I completely forgot the
word there put the bumper on unless you
push it down the sides as I said and
then get a little pouch which I've got
one of the pouches and you just slide it
in there and that gives you like
ultimate protection do I like the bumper
case yeah it's one of the great greatest
cases I've seen for the iPhone 4 yet to
try a lot of them but I do like it a lot
and it's it's sort of I wouldn't say it
would be my main case but I would say be
pretty up there with you know I'd use it
a lot so really just my review of the
bumper is that I really like it is a
great case it does exactly what it's
supposed to it is quality whether or not
it's worth the money you pay for it is a
different story would I recommend it
yeah I would recommend it will it
provide ultimate shock and drop
protection probably not it's probably a
Midway it wouldn't be as badly sort of
like protected as the featherweight
cases but it wouldn't be as such as the
OtterBox or like the candy shell or
something like that so yeah I really
like the case it's really good and I'm
looking to get some more colours so I
hope you guys enjoyed this review slash
unboxing it's probably rather long now
so have a great day with y'all take care
please subscribe comment rate and I'll
see in the next video bye